So in the last section we create DHT Moloko for our form.
Now let's initialize our forum and we will use the reactive approach as I already said.
Now for this approach it's important to understand if we are in edit mode or new mode and we do get
this information here why is that important.
Well of course because depending on this we need to repopulate the fields or not.
So I will create a new private method in the recipe added component which all name in that form because
it is responsible for initializing our form.
The form itself should be a property here.
So I will name a recipe for him and it will be of type form group.
As you learned to be imported from an angler Fornes now we can build this recipe for him here in in
that form.
Basically I will reach out to it and assign a value and this value will be a new form group to give
us the outer shell of our form so to say the frame for group takes a javascript object where we have
key value pairs for decontrol we want to register.
So the first control I do want to register here is the name the name of the recipe.
This will be a new form control so we should import form control from it.
A lot of forms to end here.
Now as I said it's important to decide whether we are in edit mode or not because that will determine
whether we want to assign an initial value or not.
Well we could simply create a variable at the top here which holds our recipe name and let's set it
to an empty string by default.
Then let's add some logic which decides what the value should be if we are in edit mode.
So let's check if there's edit mode.
If that's the case then recipe name should probably be something else and it should probably be the
value of the recipe.
We can load with the idea we got here.
We do have the IDs stored up there so we can simply inject our recipe service.
Let's do it this.
Recipe service.
Make sure to add to import at the top here.
And now we can fetch our recipe here.
The recipe we're currently editing so I will fetch it right at the beginning the recipe reaching out
to the recipe service and then with get recipe and passing the idea of the recipe we know we are editing.
I can get it actually I shouldn't do it here because I would try to get one if we don't have an ID because
we are not in edit mode.
I should do it in here.
So now we got a recipe.
Now we can simply access the name of the recipe and assign this to our variable here.
Now the same will be true for the image your L D recipe image path.
It's an empty string by default and the same is probably true for the description so recipe description
is also an empty string by default and the ingredients.
I'll come back to this.
So for now let's override all these variables if we are in edit mode.
It's a recipe image part will be said to recipe image path and recipe description will be said to recipe
description here.
And with Dad we can simply assign recipe name here for the name as a default value because it will either
be an empty string that's the default or if we happen to be in added mode it will have the name of the
recipe we are editing as a value.
So with that we got the name.
Now it's all assigned the image path here.
Also add a new form control and set this recipe image path as a side note will take care about validation
later and let's assign the description here a new form control again and we should assign the recipe
description.
Now again I'll take care about the ingredients later.
That is our base form created.
Now when should we call in it for him.
This method here we should call it whenever our route Perens change because data indicates that we reloaded
the page.
So that is where we should call this in it for him.
Now that we are creating a format that probably will work.
However now we need to synchronize our form to our AGM code.
We'll do this in the next lecture